---
layout: post
title: IAC
private: true
---

<span class="color-blue">Some</span>
<span class="color-green">cool</span>
<span class="color-orange">colorful</span>
<span class="color-red">text.</span><br>

Artemis Mission 

Aircraft with AI

Kathryn L. LUEDERS
“You gonna grow.”
“It is gonna take all of us”
“For us, it is a peaceful goal to us to all expand”


moon, then the Mars.

Brent SHERWOOD
<span class="color-red">Societal support.</span><br>
it is not just bussiness.
we are in the bussiness of hope

Orion
4 people crew
european service module + US 
spacecraft adapter 

Artemis-1

 “The first mission – known as Artemis I – is on track for 2021 without astronauts, and Artemis II will fly with crew in 2023,” NASA said. The agency foresees “humanity’s return to the surface of the Moon” for 2024, with Artemis III landing astronauts on the lunar South Pole. “Wearing modern spacesuits that allow for greater flexibility and movement than those of their Apollo predecessors, astronauts will collect samples and conduct a range of science experiments over the course of nearly seven days. Using the lander, they will return to lunar orbit before ultimately heading home to Earth aboard Orion.”

what to keep and what to innovate
iterative design

deep space vs. LEO
radiation 
space exercise
waste management

Moon -> Mars

The orion is prepared for the long-term mission and repeated use, updates. 

Not much answered in the meeting from Lockheed, regarding what has been designed for the mental health of the crew during the long mission. Shelby pushed the question to NASA. Later Kirk tried to answer and refered that our experience in ISS would be quite helpful but still no particular technologies nor strategies described in his answer. 

https://www.nasa.gov/specials/artemis-accords/index.html
